♪ ♪
[Gene]
Ugh. I can't believe I'm doing
math homework on a Saturday.
I should be enjoying
my precious childhood right now.
Yeah, you should be toiling away
in your family's restaurant,
-like us.
-Yeah Gene, hurry up
and finish your homework,
-so you can get in on this.
-[grunts] Dang it.
-I think I need help.
-[Bob] Oh.
-From someone here?
-Four!
Or maybe you just
need encouragement?
-You can do it, Gene.
-What's the question?
It's a percentage thing, but
there's a lot of retail talk.
It says, "A hat salesman
named Peter sells two hats
every 20 minutes for $29 each."
Uh, wait, I need to write this
down. Um, two hats, 20 minutes.
"And the store is open
from 10:00 a.m. until 5:00 p.m.,
"but on Wednesdays, he sells
-eight times
the amount of hats."
-Wednesday...
-"What percentage
of weekly hat sales"
-Um, eight times the amount
-"does Peter make on a Tuesday?"
-of hats...
Oh... God.
What do you have so far?
I just wrote down
"Peter divided by hats."
I don't think the answer
is Peter divided by hats.
-Hats divided by Peter?
-Um, hang on.
Let's see if we can
figure this out.
Um, I-I was...
really bad at math in school.
-But you're good at it now?
-[phone ringing]
Oh, Teddy's calling.
I will of course, uh,
be able to help you
after I talk to Teddy, but maybe
your mom or Tina
can get you started.
Uh, bye.
Okay, what kind of hats
are we talking about?
-Hey, Teddy.
-[Teddy] Bob, calm down.
Everything is fine.
-What?
-Ah, I'm gonna be okay, Bob.
We're-we're gonna
get through this.
Teddy, Teddy, what's going on?
I'm-I'm kind of stuck,
in a place.
-You're stuck? Where?
-Underground.
What?
Do you need me to call 911?
No. I-I just need you to maybe
come and get me out of here
so I can finish the job
I'm working on.
Me get you out?
G-Get you out of where?
I'm stuck inside a safe
in a survival bunker.
Uh, Teddy, everything
you're saying sounds crazy
and like I should probably
definitely call for help.
No! Don't do that.
If this job goes well,
I could become this guy's
go-to handyperson.
But right now,
it's-it's not going that well.
-Because you're stuck in a safe?
-Because I'm stuck in a safe.
I'm so sorry to ask,
I-I'm sure you're medium-busy
with whatever you do, but
-if you could just come
and let me out, that would be,
-Wait a minute,
-what-what do you
mean whatever I do?
-Well,
I know sometimes
you stand around the kitchen
and you're not doing anything,
-you're just kind of
staring off--
-Well, that's not the--
Well, look, let's focus
on what's going on with y--
I'm not saying
you're doing that now,
-I'm just saying, sometimes...
-Okay, Teddy, where are you?
That's the thing. I-I
-don't really know.
-What do you mean?
Well, I drove out
to a parking lot
next to a gas station
on Main Street in Oakville,
then I got into his truck
and then he blindfolded me
on the way here.
-He blindfolded you?
-Yeah.
Teddy, who is this guy?
Gerald.
He hired me to build
a false wall in the back
of his safe in his bunker,
so when you open the safe,
it looks empty.
And then you open
a secret door in the back,
and that's where he can hide
his vintage
candy dispenser collection.
He doesn't trust his mom,
but they love each other.
-Long story.
-Okay.
Last week, he hired me
to do a job at his other house,
his place in town, but it
turns out it was a loyalty test.
A loyalty test?
He said he wanted new hardware
on his drawers in his kitchen.
So, I go to his place,
walks me into his kitchen,
and then he says
he has to head out for a bit.
I open up the first drawer
to start working on it,
and there's a sandwich
sitting in there.
There was a sandwich
in the drawer?
Yeah. I really want to eat it,
but I don't.
-Hm. Mm-hmm.
-Then I open the second drawer
and there's
a piece of cake in there,
-but I don't eat that either.
-Yup.
[Teddy]
I open the last drawer,
and it's stuffed with cash.
-Um, I--
-Anyway,
I didn't take any of the money.
And I guess he did this to,
like, two guys before me,
and they ate the sandwich,
like, right away,
and then finished off the cake
and they took some of the cash.
So they failed the test.
I-I don't understand
just eating a sandwich
you find in a drawer.
It's a free
roast beef sandwich, Bob.
-But it was in a drawer. I, uh--
-Bob, please.
This guy is pretty rich.
It'd be nice to work for him.
But he can't know
that I got myself stuck.
I'll-I'll get fired.
He said he'd be back
in a few hours to check on me.
Wait, how-how did you get stuck?
Did you lock yourself inside?
Well, you can't really
lock yourself inside.
There's a release,
but I accidentally discovered
a different way to get stuck.
See, I brought down a bunch of
heavy sheet metal, a sheet-load.
-They sell them in sheet-loads.
-[Bob] Uh-huh.
-[Teddy] And I bought
a little too much
'cause I wanted to be prepared.
Anyway,
the extra sheet metal
was leaning against a chair,
but I guess
it was a rocking chair,
and the sheet metal
must have toppled over, and now
it's pinning
the door closed real good.
Like, real good. I-I gave it
everything I had, Bob.
I almost threw my shoulder out.
It is not budging.
And you're sure your phone
can't just, like,
tell us where you are?
Gerald made me erase
all my map apps
and a-a bunch of other apps
before I came here.
Can you download them again?
I tried. Nothing will download.
I'm lucky I have enough signal
to get through to you.
-Mm.
-So you just have to
somehow find me,
move the sheet metal,
and then I can get out of here.
Teddy, I feel like anybody
would be better at this than me.
No, Bob, you're-you're
the guy for this.
-You're the smartest guy I know.
-[sighs] Teddy, I couldn't even
help my 11-year-old
with his homework.
Gene was doing homework?
That's new.
Please can-can we just
call a, like,
a pr-a professional
person... getter-outer?
911 people?
They-they do this kind of thing.
-I don't.
-No, no, no, no, no.
It has to be you, Bob.
I need this Gerald connection.
We're not all
economically comfortable
like you are.
Teddy, I'm not...
[sighs] Okay.
-All right, I'll-I'll try.
-You will?
Thank you, Bob.
Thank you so much.
Also, I should tell you
that my phone
is almost out of battery life.
-What?!
-Yeah.
Why'd you tell me
the whole long story
about the sandwich in the drawer
if you're running out
of battery in a safe?
-Context.
-Okay, just hang up.
I'm gonna tell my family
about this very normal thing
I'm about to do.
-Oh, you're listening.
-And I'm coming with you.
I have a certain set of skills.
I will find him.
Yeah, I want to help
rescue Teddy from a safe.
Me too.
And after we save him,
we can all go out for dumplings.
No, wait-- fudge.
Kids, it's nice
you want to come, but, uh,
I don't think this is even
really safe for me to do.
Uh, I can't bring you.
I-I'm sorry.
That is ridiculous.
We never get to rescue anyone
from inside a safe.
[Teddy]
Bob, did you say goodbye?
-I couldn't hear you.
-Teddy, hang up.
Yup. Sorry. Hanging up.
Miss you.
See you soon. Got to go.
Okay, Teddy, I'm here.
Uh, I'm at the lot.
I-I see your truck.
This still seems
like a terrible idea,
but if I'm gonna have
any chance of finding you,
you need to tell me
everything you remember
about your drive with Gerald.
And talk fast 'cause I don't
know how much battery
you have left.
Uh, like, 20%?
No, wait, 15%.
[sighs]
That's not as good as 20%.
-See how smart you are, Bob?
-Just talk, Teddy.
So, I got in his truck
and he blindfolded me,
and not in a scary way.
I-I mean, I was a little scared,
but it's fine. I'm fine.
Mm. Do you remember
which way you turned out
of the parking lot?
Uh, I'm pretty sure
we made a right.
Uh, all right. What else?
Hm, let's see, uh,
he was listening
to the radio. Oldies.
That song "Judy in Disguise"
came on
as we pulled out
of the parking lot,
and he was kind of singing
along. You know that song?
Uh, I don't. Uh, keep going,
but try to say
more helpful things.
-Not about music.
-Right. Uh, I think we were on
a normal road at the beginning
'cause it was smooth.
-You know, like a road.
-[Bob] Okay.
Yeah, but then,
I think we turned right again,
and it got really bumpy,
and the chorus
of the song came on,
and it made Gerald's voice
sound crazy.
Like, uh, ♪ Judy in disguise ♪
-♪ With glasses. ♪
-Mm-hmm. Okay, anything else?
It-it doesn't have to be
about that song at all.
Oh, at some point,
Gerald put on
this really nice aftershave.
While he was driving?
Yeah, he must've
opened a bottle of it
and splashed it on his face.
Okay. That's odd.
Well, whatever it was,
all of a sudden,
the inside of the truck
smelled incredible.
And then, like,
right after the aftershave,
he parked, and then he
let me out of the truck,
and he walked me through a yard
to a staircase
and down into the bunker.
Uh, okay, so you turned right
and then right again
and then Gerald was singing
"Judy in Disguise."
-Yup.
-And then he put on aftershave.
-Yeah.
-Okay, great.
-Oh! Wait!
-What?
What-what if I
download that song
and start driving and
when they sing the glasses part,
I look for a bumpy road
on the right
and turn onto it?
[chuckles] Unbelievable.
That's so smart.
The song will be
like a road map.
So the song turns out to be
pretty helpful information.
You made it sound like
it wasn't.
Sorry, yes,
it was helpful information.
Uh, okay.
I'm gonna download the song.
I-I think my phone does that.
And then and then
I'll call you right back.
Okay, I'm gonna
download it, too.
I-I want to listen to it.
Damn, I can't do that.
Not enough bars.
-Uh-oh. I'm down
to nine percent, Bobby.
-Okay, hang up.
-Y-You have to save
your battery.
-Right, right,
but do you want me
to stay on the line
and walk you through
the download process?
No, Teddy. Hang up.
You just seemed nervous
about the downloading.
[breaking up]
Hang the... up, Teddy.
What? You're breaking up.
Bob? Bob?
Bob? Oh, you're gone.
Good thing
I'm not claustrophobic.
Or am I? Eh...
I just realized
I'm claustrophobic.
Aah!
I'm claustrophobic!
Okay, I'm stopping with
the math. I'm angry at it
and I think I'm gonna give it
the silent treatment for a while
-and see if that works.
-[entry bell jingles]
Hi. Welcome to Bob's Burgers.
-Oh, good, you're not busy.
-That's our slogan.
Hang on a second.
They're wide open in here!
-[whoops]
-Yeah!
-We just won
the Over-40 Co-ed Rec League
Basketball tournament.
-Yeah, we did!
-Right on, right on.
We're celebrating
and we're starving.
Over 40 and still sporty.
I love it.
Take some menus. Sit anywhere.
-I'll get some fries, maybe.
-Yeah.
-[gasps]
Um, quick family meeting
in the kitchen, please?
I think the stars are aligning.
Dad is gone.
Seven hungry customers walk in.
I think the day
has finally come.
-We pick a new lover for Mom?
-No.
-Boo.
-We sell them on the greatest,
biggest, most exciting
form of group celebration:
[echoing] the Beef-hemoth.
-Oh, my God. Yes.
-Yes, yes, yes, yes!
Oh, boy.
-[echoing] The Beef-hemoth!
-Yes!
Aka Beef-alo Bill.
Aka the Patty
the Size of Cincinnati.
Whatever you call it,
it's the burger that breaks
the world record
for biggest burger ever.
What do you say? Should we
make some dreams come true?
Uh, your dad
never loved that dream.
-Because he's a hater.
-And probably so jealous.
Also, I don't think
you're gonna break
the world record.
Just looking up...
Yup. You're not gonna
break the world record.
-Another hater.
-Stop that.
And nobody's gonna
be able to finish it.
It's too much food.
It's wasteful.
I've never heard
of too much food.
We promise,
none of it will go to waste.
How do we even charge
for this kind of thing?
-We're gonna lose money on it.
-Isn't that what we normally do?
Eh, kind of.
What about the giant bun?
Mom, we've already
thought this through.
The bakery around the corner
has a huge loaf of bread
that they always put
in the window display.
It'll be perfect.
So, if they want to order it,
can we make it?
-Please?
-Please!
-Please, please, please.
-Say yes!
Okay, fine.
-Yay!
-Yes!
Beef...
-Calm down, calm down.
-...hemoth.
So, what do you say?
Can we put you down
for the Beef-hemoth?
-Let's do it!
-Yeah!
-Damn straight!
-Great.
-But this isn't like the thing
where, if you finish it,
you get it for free.
-You just have to finish it.
-Or our daddy will be angry.
And you do not want our daddy
to be angry. It's very awkward.
His face gets red.
[sighs] Damn it.
Oh, wait.
-[laughs] Oh.
-[phone rings]
-Hello? Hang on.
-[Teddy] Hello?
-Uh, hi.
-Are you at the dirt road?
No. Sorry.
I-I just got it downloaded.
I've never downloaded anything
on my phone before.
-I think it was surprised.
-Play it.
I should hang up because
of your battery, Teddy.
No, Bob. Try it, please.
I need the human connection
right now.
I might be having
a panic attack.
I can't tell 'cause
I've never had one before
-or I'm always having one.
-Uh, okay, okay.
I-I'll try. Uh, uh, all right,
putting you on speakerphone.
I am...
pulling out of the lot
and pressing play.
["Judy in Disguise" playing]
-It's a toe-tapper, right?
-Uh,
I can't really focus
on that right now.
No, no, no!
A tractor just pulled out
in front of me.
-I-I got to slow way down.
-What?
Bob, no!
The "with glasses" part
is gonna come on and you
won't know where to turn.
-Teddy, I know.
-Can you pass it?
No. There are cars coming
the other way that will hit me,
-and I-I won't like that.
-Well, try honking.
I don't like honking at people.
Just give the horn
a little friendly tap.
-Ugh, fine.
-[horn honks]
Bob, don't pound on it.
I barely touched it.
Wait, he's pulling over.
Yes!
Thank you. Sorry.
Uh, cool tractor.
Bob, you got to speed up. You
got to make up for lost time.
Okay, Teddy. "With glasses."
He just said, "with glasses."
Oh, gosh.
Uh, I don't know
if this plan is gonna work now.
Oh. I see a right turn ahead.
-D-Do you think that's it?
-I'm in a bunker, Bob.
-I don't know.
-It-It's a dirt road.
-L-Like you said. [grunts]
-Take it!
Oh, yeah. Bumpy road.
-You did it. You did it.
-Yes!
Oh, that's too bumpy.
Slowing down.
-Oh, no.
-What?
No, no, no, no, no.
What? What? Wh-What is it?
Teddy, the road splits
into three different roads.
How do I know where to go?
I don't know how to choose.
You know what you do...
You just--
Teddy? Teddy?
Oh, no. Oh, my God. Did your
phone run out of batteries?
Teddy?
-Teddy!
-♪ Judy in disguise ♪
-This is a good song.
-♪ With glasses. ♪
[Bob]
Oh, come on, which road
did you take, Teddy?
Uh, maybe I can get out
and look for fresh tire tracks?
Nope. That's not something
I know how to do.
This just looks like dirt.
[Louise]
It's so big.
It's so much meat in one place.
I think it has
its own gravitational pull.
-Are we orbiting it?
-I feel it.
Listen, kids,
I like the Beefy Moth.
Beef-hemoth, Mom. Beef-hemoth.
Yeah, sure, sure. It's just,
how are we gonna flip it?
-Uh, we haven't worked
that part out yet.
-What?
-Well, how do you flip Dad?
We'll just go from there.
-[phone rings]
Oh, speaking of your Dad,
he's calling. Hey.
How's the rescue mission going?
Well, Teddy's
phone battery died
and I have no idea where to go.
-Oh, no.
-Ugh, why did Teddy
think I could do this?
-'Cause you can. I know you can.
-Uh-huh, but what if I can't?
Well, don't say that.
That's not gonna help.
That thought's gonna crowd out
all the smart thoughts
you're about to have.
Say something smart.
Like... Oh, um, how would you
flip a giant burger?
Oh, God. They didn't make
the giant burger, did they?
Who would agree to eat that?
An over-40 co-ed
basketball team.
They're excited about it.
Seriously? Oh. A truck's coming.
-I should ask them something.
-Wait, Bob,
-we have to flip the burger,
-Okay, good luck.
-but we don't know
what we're gonna--
-I'll call you back.
-Oh, okay. Bye.
-[Gene] Well,
was father
very, very proud of us?
Or very, very, very proud of us?
Hey. Hey! Uh, excuse me.
You all right there?
Yeah. Uh, I'm-I'm just trying
to find a-a friend, though.
Well, I'm flattered, but--
Sorry. I mean,
I'm-I'm looking for a friend.
He... His phone died,
but he-he's up
one of these roads, so...
Oh. Well, I didn't see anyone.
Uh, are-are there houses
up that way?
Yeah. Does your friend
live in a house?
Oh. No. He's, uh,
doing some work in one,
or near one.
Okay, well, good luck.
[sniffs] Aftershave.
Wait. Wait. Stop.
Oh, I thought
we were done talking.
Sorry. I smell aftershave.
Is that-is that you?
Well, kind of.
It's witch hazel.
It grows up the road,
and it blooms in the winter.
Uh, is-is witch-hazel
used in aftershave?
Uh, yeah.
Oh, my God. That's it.
That-That's the smell.
So Gerald lives next to a field
of witch hazel.
Uh, okay. Sure.
Does it grow anywhere else
around here?
Um... Well, not that I know of.
-Just back up there.
-Yes! Thanks.
You're really excited
about this.
I am. Y-You just
helped me out a lot.
Thank you, guy in truck.
Sorry, I-I didn't get your name.
You don't need to know my name.
I'm just gonna drive away
from you now.
Thank you. Thank you.
Okay, this is it.
This is why
you gave birth to us, Mom.
-Eh...
-We're about to use
two baking sheets
and four spatulas to try
to flip what I'm assuming
is 100 to 1,000 pounds of beef.
Some of us might not make it.
-Uh...
-Oh, my.
But just know
this burger will be our legacy.
Why do Mom and Tina
get safety goggles?
They're just our glasses.
You lucky nerds.
All right, let's make history.
We flip on three.
One, two,
-three!
-[all grunt]
-All right!
-[laughs]
-[cheers]
It's like what we do every day,
but for some reason
it's fun now.
'Cause it's big.
[Deb]
How's it going in there?
-We moving along?
-Uh...
great. It-It's going great.
We're pretty hungry.
Like, really hungry.
We're not sad
about how long it's taking,
but we are sad
that we don't have food.
[weak chuckle]
It's gonna be out real soon.
-Uh, too soon.
-Oh crap, the bun!
Mom, money.
I'll go to the bakery
-and get the giant loaf.
-Okay.
-Is that a euphemism? Sorry.
-Oh, uh,
basketball players, uh,
you're-you're gonna be so happy
in just a few moments.
-We are almost there.
-Hi. Hi. Sorry, bye.
[entry bell jingles]
[sniffs]
Come on, witch hazel.
Wait, I think I smell it.
[sniffs] Ooh,
I definitely smell it. Ha!
There it is! Oh, my God.
That must be the house.
Okay, no truck.
Uh, maybe Gerald isn't here.
That-that would be good.
Hm, I don't like
parking so close
in case he has cameras
and he looks up my license plate
and comes to kill me.
Uh, maybe I'll park
a little down the road?
[panting] Maybe that was,
uh, too far down the road.
Whew! Uh, all right.
Bunker, bunker.
Looking for a bunker.
Weird, scary, rusty hammer
on the ground. Ignoring that.
Where is the bunker?
[gasps]
Teddy? Teddy?
Are you down there?
Oh, God, I hope
this is the right bunker.
[grunts]
I'm sorry if I'm in the wrong
bunker. Please don't hurt me.
-Teddy? Teddy?
-[Teddy] Oh, my God!
-Bob, is that you?
-It's me!
-[Teddy] You found me!
-[laughs] I found you!
-It's-it's a pretty nice bunker.
-[Teddy] I know, right?
Okay. I'm gonna
move the sheet metal
-so you can get out.
-[Teddy] Gloves, Bob!
-Gloves!
-Oh! So sharp.
[Teddy]
Gloves! Put on my gloves!
Oh, gloves. Great.
[sighs]
[grunts]
Okay, I'm doing this.
[straining]
Okay.
[Bob straining]
I moved it. I did it.
-I'm free. Oh, my God.
-[laughing]
-I knew you could do it.
-[grunts] Yeah.
I always believed in you,
even when I stopped
believing in you a little bit.
It's kind of amazing
what happened.
After I talked to you,
a truck drove by and--
Yeah, o-okay, Bob,
I-I hate to cut you off,
and I know you just got here,
but you got to leave.
-What?
-You got to get out of here.
Gerald could be back any minute.
Hey, great seeing you,
though, pal.
Right, okay, right, right.
Okay, uh...
-You got to go.
-Yeah. I-I'm-I'm, uh...
Thanks a lot, though.
Big help. [chuckles]
-I owe you one.
-Okay, bye.
-Take it easy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
-Teddy, charge your phone.
And call me when you get home,
-so I know you're safe.
-Bye, Bob.
Oh, God.
[truck door opens]
Someone's here.
Red truck.
What?
Oh, no. Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, that's Gerald.
You can't be here.
What do we do? What do we do?
-I don't-- I-I don't know.
-Hide inside my shirt?
-No. I-I don't think so.
-In my pants?
-No.
-Put a lampshade on your head?
-No!
-I'm the only one
coming up with stuff.
You're not coming up with stuff.
You're just saying things
you're seeing.
Okay, well,
while you're thinking,
I'm just gonna gently put
the lampshade on your head.
-Teddy, no. No, no, no, no, no.
-[shushing]
[Teddy]
What are we gonna do?
He can't find you here.
-I know.
-We don't have any time.
I know that.
Stop saying stressful things.
Wait. I'm, uh...
I-I think I have an idea.
The shirt thing?
I'll start unbuttoning.
Not the shirt thing.
[Linda]
Oh, my God, so much cheese.
It's like a cheese blanket.
-[entry bell jingles]
-Sleep tight, giant burger.
-[Tina panting]
-Ooh, ooh, I think Tina's back.
She sounds great.
[panting]
Tina, where's the bun?
It's plastic! It's not real.
It's just for display.
And they said it would
taste terrible.
Because it's plastic.
And I tried it.
-They were right.
-Damn it!
Quick, Mom, bake us a giant bun!
I don't know how to do that.
Wait, what if we just use
our regular buns?
Well, I don't know, Tina,
because they're way too small!
-This burger is giant.
-Uh, I don't mean
one little bun.
I mean, I mean,
what if we use all of them.
And layer them on top of
each other for extra thickness?
Like-like
a giant mountain of buns?
It's like your journal but
you're just saying it out loud.
Okay. Giant burger
inside of 100
little hamburger buns
could actually work.
It's kind of a metaphor
for humanity,
if you don't think about it.
-Let's do it.
-You're welcome.
Teddy.
[laughs] There he is.
The man paying me for this.
Yup. So, how's it going?
Good. Great. Why?
Doesn't it seem like
it's going great?
I don't know. I just got here,
and I asked, "How is it going?"
[laughs] I guess I've been
down in this bunker for a while,
so I must have forgotten
how people talk on the mainland.
All right. Let's check out
what you've done so far.
Great. Perfect. Why not?
Sounds like a plan.
Let's open her up.
[Gerald]
Looks good.
Looks like an empty safe.
Yup. Eh, looks very empty.
Good eye, good eye.
I'm gonna open the secret part.
-Do you have to?
-What?
Yeah, no, sure.
But it could be a fun surprise
to just see it later,
though, right?
I'd prefer to see it now.
Okay. Open it up,
if that's what you want to do.
[weak chuckle]
Uh, here we go.
-Ta-da!
-[Gerald] Wow.
-[Teddy] Uh... [chuckles]
-[Gerald] Mm...
No one's gonna find you in here,
my little candy babies.
Nope. [chuckles]
Teddy, it's perfect.
I love it almost as much
as I love my mother,
who happens to steal from me.
Okay. Well, uh,
I'm gonna paint it
and then I'll be done, right?
Mm-hmm. I'm gonna go the store
and buy some more bunker beans.
Feel like I didn't get enough.
Oh, yeah, look at that.
There's barely any left. Yeah.
-And, Teddy...
-Yes. Hi.
-On the way home later...
-Yeah?
Don't worry about wearing
the blindfold. You know why?
-Why?
-I trust you.
Oh. [chuckles]
All right, new friend.
See you in a little bit.
Okay. Take it easy.
[whoops] It was tight
back there, but it worked.
Yeah, it worked.
You just double fake walled him.
I did.
I double fake walled him.
You smart smartie.
I'm just glad I brought
that extra sheet metal.
I mean, that's how you got stuck
in the safe in the first place.
Yeah, no, I know.
Don't ruin this.
You're a genius, Bob.
Yeah, I feel kind of smart,
maybe. A little.
I-I should...
I should probably leave
-before Gerald comes back
with the beans.
-Good idea.
I knew I asked the right person
to come help me.
-Thanks, Teddy.
-Yeah. Mort didn't answer.
What?
Y-You called Mort first?
-No.
-Didn't you just say--
-Nope.
-But I heard you say Mor--
-No, you didn't.
-You know what? Fine.
Whatever. I found you,
and I hid in the thing.
Mort's never
double fake walled anyone.
That's why I didn't call him.
[Bob]
So, the answer is...
-twelve.
-That doesn't seem right.
Yeah, you know what,
I'm feeling smart today.
Let's just say it's 12.
-More Beef-hemoth, anyone?
-Oh, yes, please.
I'll take nine pounds.
This is why I was worried
about the Beef-hemoth.
-Why?
-Because now we have to eat
a giant hamburger
so it doesn't go to waste.
You don't sound smart
at all right now.
Yeah, Dad.
We were heroes today.
-[cheering]
-Beef!
[Louise]
And then everybody
wanted to throw up.
-[Tina] And one guy did.
-They did their best,
-and now we get to eat the rest.
-You know what would be fun?
-Giant French fries.
-Let's do that.
-[Gene] Fry-Gantua!
-[Bob] Please, no.
[Gene/Tina/Louise/Linda]
Yes.
♪ Beef-hemoth ♪
♪ The Beef-hemoth ♪
♪ Beef, beef, beef, beef,
beef, beef, beef, beef ♪
♪ Beef, beef, beef ♪
♪ Beef-hemoth ♪
♪ Beef, beef, beef,
beef, beef, beef... ♪
So, what do you say?
Can we put you down for
-The Beef-hemoth?
-♪ The Beef-hemoth ♪
[Tina] Oh, my God, yes.
[high-pitched] More Beef-hemoth,
anyone?
♪ Beef-hemoth. ♪
[Gene] Beef...!
Captioning sponsored by
BENTO BOX ENTERTAINMENT
and TOYOTA.